How are we going to create our EntityManagers?
Well, as we saw in the slides, we need another object,
and we are going to call this object a BeanManager.
Let us call it beanManager, BeanManager.getInstance, for instance.
And from that BeanManager object,
we are going to be able to create EntityManagers.
So this EntityManager of Person here will be created using this pattern,
beanManager.getInstance, and pass the ManagedEntityManager.class as a parameter.
Of course, nothing is working properly,
so we need to create this BeanManager object.
Let us create this class.
We are going to put it in the package beanmanager.
Now we have it.
Let us create the getInstance method, return to BeanManager,
and we need a getInsance method that is going to return an
EntityManager of T and that takes a Class of T as a parameter,
and we need to add this type to here if we want this code to compile.
And the responsibility of this BeanManager will be
to get an instance of this class,
check if this class contains fields annotated with @Inject,
and find a way to construct the corresponding objects and inject them in
those objects before providing them to the client code. So this is what we are going to do now.